Alright! Ready!
This was dangerous up there!
Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look
La ーーーーーーー La커ーーーーーーー La r pulled it Up source
LaVA noodle
La
Ti
It
A man till the full moon
Isn't good to be alone
It hurts so much
Didn't know
We love people
Who want toases
To watch true love
Wait
Don't
Translated by Releska